Setup Documentations (#13)
apache/skywalking-go: docs/en/concepts-and-designs/key-principles.md

### Modifying Methods

After finding the method, the SkyWalking Go Agent needs to modify the method implication and embed the interceptor code.

#### Change Method Body

When intercepting a method, the first thing to do is to modify the method and [embed the template code](../../../tools/go-agent/instrument/plugins/templates/method_inserts.tmpl). 
This code segment includes two method executions:

1. **Before method execution**: Pass in the current method's arguments, instances, and other information.
2. **After method execution**: Using the `defer` method, intercept the result parameters after the code execution is completed.

Based on these two methods, the agent can intercept before and after method execution. 

In order not to affect the line of code execution, this code segment will only be executed in the **same line as the first statement in the method**. 
This ensures that when an exception occurs in the framework code execution, the exact location can still be found without being affected by the enhanced code.

> #### Write Adapter File

Author: Sure, Updated.

2. **After method execution**: [Build by the template](../../../tools/go-agent/instrument/plugins/templates/method_intercept_after.tmpl). Pass the method return value to the interceptor and execute the method.

#### Copy Files

After completing the adapter file, the agent would perform the following copy operations:

1. **Plugin Code**: Copy the Go files containing the interceptors in the plugin to the same level directory as the current framework.
2. **Plugin Development API Code**: Copy the operation APIs needed by the interceptors in the plugin to the same level directory as the current framework, such as `tracing`.

After copying the files, they cannot be immediately added to the compilation parameters, because they may have the same name as the existing framework code. Therefore, we need to perform some rewriting operations, which include the following parts:

1. **Types**: Rename created structures, interfaces, methods, and other types by adding a unified prefix.
2. **Static Methods**: Add a prefix to non-instance methods. Static methods do not need to be rewritten since they have already been processed in the types.

> 3. **Variables**: Add a prefix to global variables. It's not necessary to add a prefix to variables inside methods because they can ensure no conflicts would arise and are helpful for debugging.

Author: Sure, I have added the tracing API as an example.

The `g` structure in Golang represents the internal data of the current goroutine. 
By enhancing this structure and using the `runtime.getg()` method, we can obtain the enhanced data in the current structure in real-time.

Enhancement includes the following steps:

1. **Add Attributes to g**: Add a new field to the `g` struct, and value as `interface{}`.
2. **Export Methods**: Export methods for real-time setting and getting of custom field values in the current goroutine through `go:linkname`.
3. **Import methods**: In the Agent Core, import the setting and getting methods for custom fields.

After completing the above steps, the agent can get or set data of the same goroutine in any method within the same goroutine, similar to Java's `Thread Local`.

### Context Propagation between Goroutines

For cross-goroutine situations, since different goroutines have different `g` objects, 
the agent cannot access data from one goroutine in another goroutine. 

However, when a new goroutine is started on an existing goroutine, the `runtime.newproc1` method is called to create a new goroutine based on the existing one. 

> The current solution used by the Agent is to, after the method execution is finished, use the `defer` command so that the Agent can access both the previous and the new goroutine. 
> At this point, the data in the custom fields is copied. The purpose of copying is to prevent panic caused by the same object being accessed in multiple goroutines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent would do `context-copy` from the previous goroutine to the newly created goroutine.
The new context in the `goroutine` only shares limited information to help continues tracing.
```

The specific operation process is as follows:

> 1. **Write the copy method**: Create a method for copying data from the custom fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Write the copy method**: Create a method for copying data from the previous goroutine.
```

## Plugin with Agent Core

As mentioned in the previous section, it is not possible to dynamically add dependencies between modules. 
Agent can only modify the `importcfg` file to reference dependencies if we are sure that the previous dependencies have already been loaded, 
but this is often impractical. For example, Agent cannot introduce dependencies from the plugin code into the Agent Core, 
because the plugin is unaware of the Agent's existence. This raises a question: how can agent enable communication between plugins and Agent Core?

Currently, agent employ the following method: a global object is introduced in the `runtime` package, provided by Agent Core. 
When a plugin needs to interact with Agent Core, it simply searches for this global object from `runtime` package. The specific steps are as follows:

1. **Global object definition**: Add a global variable when the `runtime` package is loaded and provide corresponding set and get methods.
2. **Set the variable when the Agent loads**: When the Agent Core is copied and enhanced, import the method for setting the global variable and initialize the object in the global variable.

> 3. **Plugin enhancement**: When the plugin is enhanced, import the method for getting the global variable and the interface definition for the global variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Plugins**: When the plugin is built, import the methods for reading the global variables and APIs.
```

> At this point, we can access the object set in Agent Core and use the defined interface for the plugin to access methods in Agent Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, we can access the object set in Agent Core and use the defined interface for the plugin to access methods in Agent Core.
```

I think we should only access Agent Core APIs? what does this mean?

Author: Yes, the plugin can only access the Agent Core API. Then, the Agent Core API would utilize the global variables in the runtime package to operate the Agent Core.
